Thumb down, clickbait
So BULLSHIT, clickbait
Stupid video where was the attack, clickbait
Foul piano music - disgusting choice, clickbait
Hello if you're reading this sadly There were no clip of a Gorilla fighting a Lion., clickbait
Gorila and lion never fight I don't think so, clickbait
Hey, clickbait
Stupid content, clickbait
so you think i will subscribe to get this shit, clickbait
You can't grow your page with lies and deceit, clickbait
Nubb youtube channel s2pid!, clickbait
Where is gorilla and lion fight in this video..Why????, clickbait
Clickbait, clickbait
????, clickbait
Layer, clickbait
They don’t fight):, clickbait
Bekaar, clickbait
Bekkar, clickbait
Tumne toh hat par kardi makhadira ka sene or dushra movie kasene dikhakar, clickbait
This trailer is fake, clickbait
se tak puli film ka seane dala hai, clickbait
Fake trailer banata hai, clickbait
Scam rudrama devi graphics., clickbait
Bhai tu kuch bhe dikhiega, clickbait
Bhai ham chuteia nahi banange, clickbait
I cant wait for this part3, clickbait
Super, clickbait
Copy paste of 4 pictures, clickbait
Trailer fac he, clickbait
please release bahubali 3 pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppplllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, clickbait
Bekaar, clickbait
Bekkar, clickbait
Tumne toh hat par kardi makhadira ka sene or dushra movie kasene dikhakar, clickbait
This trailer is fake, clickbait
se tak puli film ka seane dala hai, clickbait
Fake trailer banata hai, clickbait
Scam rudrama devi graphics., clickbait
Bhai tu kuch bhe dikhiega, clickbait
Bhai ham chuteia nahi banange, clickbait
I cant wait for this part3, clickbait
Super, clickbait
Copy paste of 4 pictures, clickbait
Trailer fac he, clickbait
please release bahubali 3 pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppplllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, clickbait
TV dinners were way better back then, clickbait
im in a zoo with lions apes and bears u probaly wont make it their all of da opps say they wan smk wid me u dont wanna take it their, clickbait
Bear wins, clickbait
whack fkin video, clickbait
Leopard kills gorilla quarter of it's own size, clickbait
XDDDDDDD BEAR 0 GORILLA 100, clickbait
Well then this is just obvious pro-gorilla propaganda, clickbait
lols this mans thinks gorillas are more known than lions hahah. and that bears and gorillas are the smamrtest in the wild. hahah, clickbait
A gorilla is not nearly as strong as an adult grizzly. They can bat 500 lb logs around with one paw with ease, clickbait
Serously what kind of bear were they comparing to? Kodiak black panda?, clickbait
These rating scales were not exactly created by a brilliant mind., clickbait
Your mom would probably win since she weight more than both of them Combine, clickbait
Bear win, clickbait
Why does it have so many dislikes?, clickbait
Gay, clickbait
can a 4 000 lbs gorilla beat a brown bear?, clickbait
fun fact gorillas are the distant relatives of Neanderthals like that of modern humans and chimps, clickbait
didn't even tell us who's gonna win wtf, clickbait
You can’t tell me a 1500 pound bear can’t kill 350 pound gorilla, clickbait
The funniest thing about this video is none of them will win because they will never meet it is like saying who would win a whale or a elephant pmsl the polar bear would die soon as it reaches the hotter countries moving towards Africa of overheating and dehydration and the gorrilla would die soon as it hits Mongolia or Russia because they are not adapted for cold weather even a common cold can kill a gorilla :/ hope this clears it up sorry to dissapoint anyone if you wanted to see a silverback wreck a polabear in a fight lol there the most deadly preditor on earth but mother nature had to give them a weak point :), clickbait
Oh means Human And Chimpanzee are only omnivorous and fights for no reasons., clickbait
Gorilla VS Bear Real Fight , clickbait
Teyyub Aliquliyev nope, clickbait
Bear , clickbait
Rose Anderson no u kid, clickbait
Elbowstrike you, clickbait
Bear, clickbait
Seen this lel, clickbait
Boi I didn’t know King Kong was a friggin JEDI! , clickbait
Bear, clickbait
A black and Asiatic bear could be an equal match to a gorilla not a grizz though, clickbait
Bear win easy, clickbait
Bear would thrash a gorilla, clickbait
LOL, clickbait
both, clickbait
ITS FAKEEE BEAR WILL NEVER RUNNN FROM GORILLA U DON'T KNOW HOW BEAR TOOO POWERFULL AND BEAR IS NOT SMALL FROM GORILLA IT IS SAME HEIGHT AND WEIGHT!!!!!!!!!, clickbait
This is retarded, clickbait
Gorrila, clickbait
that man just bullied the bear poor bear D:, clickbait
cool vide, clickbait
And gorillas have the same sence of smell and vision as a human, clickbait
epic, clickbait
This if bigfoot vs bear, clickbait
Best video i have seen around the youtube place! thanks :), clickbait
This is like King Kong vs Godzilla 1962, clickbait
I think bear look like fake, clickbait
They r like Giant, clickbait
2021?, clickbait
Lmao, clickbait
Who wins?, clickbait
The gorilla is a wee wrestler, clickbait
Dat be a bigfoot, clickbait
I can't stop laughing, clickbait
That is a fake gorilla, clickbait
Alright for real how did they train the bear to not destroy the guy in the costume and take a rock thrown to it and still be chill after that?, clickbait
How dare people dislike the video!, clickbait
umm gorila, clickbait
cursed very cursed indeed, clickbait
Lmao at the beginning the gorilla jump is the funniest thing ever, clickbait
Garbage. Bait Video, clickbait
You baboons, clickbait
very sad , clickbait
Imagine trying to run from a monkey into a tree, clickbait
crappy made edited video LMAO MisLeading. seen better from other videos, clickbait
CLICK BAIT-DO NOT WATCH, clickbait
big battle baboon vs leopard. not gorilla. wow., clickbait
I saw no gorilla and leopard fighting? Dumbass, clickbait
NEXT TIME SHOW US ANGELS FIGHTING LIONS ON THIS UNEDUCATED CHANNEL OF YOU., clickbait
I really love it how is he fighting, clickbait
What the fuck is with the title. I had stroke trying to read it., clickbait
Where monke, clickbait
Gorilla aur baboon me frk ni pta mere bhai, clickbait
Second thing that's not gorilla, clickbait
What a thumbnail absolutely believable, clickbait
that wasnt gorilla that was a baboon, clickbait
There was no leopard and no gorilla only cheetah and ape, clickbait
I will like this vidio for that thumbnail, clickbait
M?mm mm mm mm mm llllll, clickbait
Ppew, clickbait
You know shark is the most famous predators, clickbait
DRAW, clickbait
You just copied the audio., clickbait
Great white would win cause the way they attack come from below and targeting the croc’s belly which is a vulnerable spot, clickbait
shark, clickbait
Shark, clickbait
Sark vs sea monster fighting, clickbait
HOLA MEYAMI LUIS, clickbait
Amazing !, clickbait
Croc wins, clickbait
You know the crocodile wins, clickbait
Google Says Crocodile Kills More Humans or Animals Then Sharks, clickbait
Please show some of real fight the middle was the animated portion but the Video is good, clickbait
bruh, clickbait
Tiger 1, clickbait
So am I to take it your NOT showing a shark taking on a crocodile video? Cuz the title leads one to believe a shark would be taking on a crocodile here. Clearly no sharks took on no crocodiles in this video. But... it's a three year old video which means you've had ample time to rename it. Therefore...you may now go fuck yourself., clickbait
Go give your head a wobble video maker, clickbait
Stop these misleading titles, clickbait
Bullshit, clickbait
Video is misleading, clickbait
i thought the shark kicked the croc ass, clickbait
I’m going to go in yea OK, clickbait
"When A Shark Takes On A Crocodile" ???? I guess a bigger crocodile eat the shark before he started recording and he forgot to adjust the tittle, clickbait
Where is shark?, clickbait
Good video but a clickbait none the less., clickbait
Stupid, clickbait
Yea fuck u, clickbait
The shark was the name of the crocodile i think., clickbait
CLICKBAIT HEADLINE. No sharks. Don't watch ANY videos from Real Wild., clickbait
Always read the comments that saved me minutes of my time, clickbait
Haha I’m doing the same thing. No need to watch vid now., clickbait
It is a very dishonest caption., clickbait
I don’t want to get into the water if there is a fish bigger then my hand but this guy goes in with a crocodile without hesitation, clickbait
This is fucking clickbait, clickbait
I came here for a shark vs crocodile fight and am leaving immensely disappointed, clickbait
Is this maneater, clickbait
Basically that's Brutus the crocodile who lost his arm eaten by bull shark, clickbait
This 18 footer alone killed a bull shark Salties are kings of the river., clickbait
The bull shark was out of water soo, clickbait
Bruh watch the full fight search brutus croc vs bull shark, clickbait
No the crocodile pull him off the water to kill him, clickbait
That shar was not grown it was in its growing age but crocodile was grown up so crocodile won aginst bull shar or else crocodile has no chance to won aginst bull shark, clickbait
Your seriously uneducated a full grown bull shark is smaller less aggressive and has a weaker bite a saltwater crocodile would DESTROY a full grown bull shark, clickbait
The acro34 the first 3 words.....exactly what I was gonna say...., clickbait
Adult bull sharks can reach 4 meters or 5 salties can reach 6 or 7 meters even a full grown shark can't beat salties., clickbait
Are you stupid even adult bull sharks are smaller than saltwater crocodiles, clickbait
Salties will eat bull sharks adults included., clickbait
Markús Böðvarsson There are records of great whites and tiger sharks eating bull sharks though., clickbait
Markús Böðvarsson thats one specimen you don't want to see a one that is 6 or 7, clickbait
I lost against kong and Godzilla but i will return yeah but Brutus the croc in the video is about 5.3m, clickbait
Markús Böðvarsson a full grown salties reach 6 meters or 7, clickbait
So do Nile crocs, clickbait
Boi you haven't seen a fully grown bull shark's size yet they would decapitate a salt water croc's limbs., clickbait
GUARDIANA01 ye. Even this croc had it's limbs ripped by a bull ended up killing it tho, clickbait
Aspie Otaku bull sharks cause more deaths than great whites, clickbait
Robert Morris I think a salty would still win tbh....btw ye this Salty's limbs were torn off by the bull shark but t won in the end, clickbait
GUARDIANA01 The 80 year old salty still killed the bull and ate it., clickbait
This is a small river bull shark not a great white or a full sized shark...saltwater crocodiles are much larger, clickbait
Marcello 2005 sharks mostly avoid crocodiles because crocodiles are way more aggressive, clickbait
Aspie Otaku they Ava our each other because the croc has a stronger bite but the great white is heavier and faster, clickbait
Even great whites avoid em and are much bigger than bulls., clickbait
No one said it's a great white lol, clickbait
The saltie is just gonna swipe and it is over, clickbait
Do not harm yourself you will be disabled on the other side. Yes they do have prison to., clickbait
Liars, clickbait
I click into this anyway because I know the comments will be very interesting., clickbait
Need to get some monkeys to feed the gators that would make a nice meal for them, clickbait
Apparently I missed it, clickbait
It's in ivory coast they called the saurians, clickbait
The actual man being eaten video. It actually happened. This video was just the prequel. , clickbait
So fake or did you mean man eating croc, clickbait
Wtf is wring with them, clickbait
Lol, clickbait
Fake news., clickbait
Dam did he chew what man, clickbait
Noooo the brids, clickbait
this is just an edit in this video the victory was won by a great white shark and combined with the video of salt water croc eating a bull shark this is just an edit bro don't want to cheat crocfans, clickbait
Whale will win, clickbait
waste fellow.. fake news, clickbait
Crocodile vs whale vs shark vs dolphin, clickbait
A lot of animation. Pure lies, clickbait
Vvttyu7h, clickbait
The fresh vs salt water argument is redundant crocs and shsrk have come into contact for 1000s of years, clickbait
Kill the bloody crocodile !!!poor fish !!, clickbait
We don't want the graphics bitch.., clickbait
Video is fake as shit, clickbait
Fake everyone knows a shark wins, clickbait
They are fighting for food. And see what humans are doing. Te te te *dramatic music*., clickbait
Wrong shark would be win easily, clickbait
I don't think so, clickbait
SUBHANA'ALLAH, clickbait
winner of battle: , clickbait
bad, clickbait
fake, clickbait
clickbait, clickbait
NOO THE BABY HIPPO YOU FUCKING BITCHHHH, clickbait
Strange I see a lot of make lions hunting they must of been booted from the pact or tried to fight the alpha and loss.lion when lions they to challenge for alpha and loose there on therevown and most die cause there to heave to catch certain Prey like gazelles.if they do survive.afterva while the pride normally lets them be part of the pact again, clickbait
what the hell was that at it looks like a tiny rhino I can't figure out what animal it actually is too hard to identify it with the blurry footage. Does anyone know what it might be?, clickbait
where you get that? I know it was from documentary of some kind cant remeber what if qas, clickbait
When you bully someone until their mom came in:, clickbait
I’m pleased, clickbait
Why the tapers not run out and help the Hippos? Sacrifice self for good of humanity :(, clickbait
Lions messing with a tank gets yayeeted, clickbait
1v1, clickbait
Attention! Gray Hellclown is fighting with yellow agoti!, clickbait
Hippo verry strong energi power, clickbait
Blackbeard vs shanks, clickbait
the movie calls "I have too many short videos and I don't know what to do with it", clickbait
YOU ARE CHEATED, clickbait
gloria vs alex the lion, clickbait
From to the real king of the jungle., clickbait
Do they live in jungles?, clickbait
Lions has no chance of winning against a hippopotamus, clickbait
Who is the real king of the Savannah?, clickbait
Lion But you non religion will not understand that, clickbait
Sometimes I wonder why these buffaloes run away when only one tiger/lion chase. They could easily team up and kill the lion, clickbait
Simple answer to that would be nature. Buffaloes are meant to react that way to a predator they aren’t as smart as humans and lions are meant to hunt them. This however doesn’t apply on those big African buffaloes they would attack lion immediately if lion tries to solo attack a African buffalo.. lion hunt are 99 percent successful against almost anyone coz group hunting.., clickbait
Because even though they might not kill you claws hurt like hell., clickbait
fake video, clickbait
clickbait thumbnail, clickbait
This must have the best thumbnail of all time 10/10, clickbait
Haha meme go brrrr, clickbait
I dont think he outran the hippo it let him go, clickbait
I just can't see a hippo run that fast I just don't see it, clickbait
The hippo couldve easily snatched him. How much you wanna bet the hippo just chose to let him go?, clickbait
He’s a runner. He’s trackstar., clickbait
How am I here?, clickbait
Didn’t he still got caught and like broke his ribs, clickbait
How pissed do you have to be as a hippo to chase a guy down for just BEING NEAR YOU??? XD, clickbait
Dude probably beat bolts 100m wr while escaping., clickbait
Oversized cows hahaha, clickbait
So this is where the meme came from., clickbait
So is there a video or just pictures of this incident?, clickbait
That hippo was pretty hungry, clickbait
Why so many dislikes, clickbait
That picture was him with Dave Chappell, clickbait
So we gonna ignore that headline that said “husband watches hippo rip wife’s heart out”, clickbait
Teeth as sharp as razor blade and shows blunt bamboo teeth, clickbait
Do they eat people?, clickbait
Who is here because you taught t it was a real or fake, clickbait
Padi thodan, clickbait
Who won ??, clickbait
Poor video no clarity at all, clickbait
Lion was killed because of crocodile's strongest attack death roll, clickbait
How did someone did the underwater shoot. ?, clickbait
Where’d the other lion go?, clickbait
what ah fucking editing hahaaa, clickbait
Please Full video post, clickbait
Yawa bulok, clickbait
Win 4 the lions!!!, clickbait
Lion kill that crocodile, clickbait
I really sad for the lion, clickbait
Op, clickbait
Shit of edition, clickbait
El giro del croc no ocurrió en aquel acontecimiento!!, clickbait
Cat smacks annoying dog trying to steal its food** , clickbait
I believed if animals shared more there would be less killing eachother, clickbait
Why did you end the video dumb bitch?, clickbait
Ding Ding round 5 Manny catching up wolf wolf dale, clickbait
Ó wow wat a big fight lucky got i see it NOT, clickbait
The title was longer than the video., clickbait
I hate and I don't click on bait channel's again nkt, clickbait
wheres the full vid, clickbait
Crocodile: "Hey let us get some of that meat"., clickbait
That’s a croc with huge balls., clickbait
So what do the crocs want do they want to eat the carcass or the lions or both?, clickbait
These lions did not invite the crocodiles to dinner, clickbait
Crocodile: "Aye lemme get some of that im starvin", clickbait
Another moron with a camera who doesn't know how to shoot or edit... smh, clickbait
what wwas lion eating that was the main question?, clickbait
Goofy, clickbait
YOUNG FEMALE LIONS, clickbait
Dumbass edits, clickbait
what is the music that is playing in the intro? what is it called?, clickbait
Rajput, clickbait
Goods, clickbait
"Do you accept Jesus as your lord and savior?" -"Yes I do" -"Then I now baptise you in the name of the father this flesh must be pure before we feast!", clickbait
Jesus(peace be upon him) is just a prophet of GOD, clickbait
I love the lions and tigers and appreciate how strong they are but I love the Crocs and Alligators too and it proves just how much power you need and attack in numbers just to take out 1 Croc they’re awesome, clickbait
The White Death A saltwater croc especially those things... they will easily kill the Jaguar no big deal., clickbait
The White Death those are caiman bruh, clickbait
The White Death yes the croc really should’ve taken out the Jaguar or at least defended itself, clickbait
But No to a jaguar.., clickbait
What a shitty video, clickbait
The very moment I hear that intro I just know it's going to be a pointless watch a video put together from multiple videos and will surely bore the life out of anyone trying to watch it so just to help anyone else unfortunate enough to press play on this quickly hit the dislike button an move on to something else more interesting such as watching paint dry or something, clickbait
pron sound, clickbait
Pron ahahahaha, clickbait
They both r aggressive and powerful but they can't defeat each other, clickbait
This Music make me sick, clickbait
Listen in full volume without head phones with your family, clickbait
Lmaoo, clickbait
Why?, clickbait
Only Jaguar understand how to catch crocodile NOT a lion, clickbait
Not croc caiman who is prey, clickbait
Amefia aguidi1973, clickbait
JÁ era, clickbait
Lion King jungle, clickbait
Lions have terrifying look!, clickbait
Horrible things., clickbait
Fast forward , clickbait
Click bait don’t watch, clickbait
582 subscriber but you have already ads? How, clickbait
What was your point of posting this.. this was a big waist of time, clickbait
wtf, clickbait
Ha-ha-ha!, clickbait
That hog is smart. He’s encountered a croc or two in his life.. And crocs are extremely patient., clickbait
Good boy knew something was up!, clickbait
As much as a usually don’t appreciate when (mostly hypocritical) people tell me to put my phone down for a while this video’s comments sure do speak to how overstimulated we are these days. Just look at how upset everyone is they actually spent a minute or two on a video that didn’t included the eventual payoff of brains & intestines flying everywhere so furiously some hasta hit/stick to the camera’s lens in an absolute bloodbath gore festival that borders on making you puke., clickbait
Warthog drank too much water while crocodile also was hiding with long patience, clickbait
Sorry but a boring video, clickbait
Crocodile was stupid and lazy, clickbait
You see this? This is nature taking its course. A bunch of idiots feeding a live piglet into a croc's enclosure and film it is not nature taking its course., clickbait
Dude hes camping the resources, clickbait
What a video crocodile not eat warthog nonsens video, clickbait
Lion killed by crocodile tiger killed crocodile real king is tiger tiger sabka bab hota hain, clickbait
Poor lion, clickbait
This looks fake... plus a lioness would put up a better fight lol, clickbait
Not always a crocodile can kill or kills a lion. Watch the clip in youtube in which a lion fights a crocodile in deep water in Botswana/Namibia. The lion escapes and hits the big crocodile. There are many clips which show the lion escapes from the crocodile in the water even though the reptile tries to kill the lion. Simply the lion is no fool and is strong and tough to kill. Most of the clips that show lion vs crocodile fights say the lion is tough and an equal enemy/opponent and most of the time it escapes from the mouth of the reptile in the water. So this clip is lying., clickbait
Haha people are fucking stupid. When a lion gets killed everyone starts to cry and voting down the clip but when a crocodile gets killed everyone is suddenly "ofc cats win theyre the fucking biggest cunts in the world"... Geez... Idiots., clickbait
Nice steaming pile of shit. I'm sure you worked so hard to make it., clickbait
nile crocodile 6m in water kill Tiger but in the Earth Amur Tiger can win, clickbait
you should see what makes tiger crocodile, clickbait
Don't know what killed the Lioness but it wasn't that Croc. On land Crocs don't stand a chance against big cats. See Jaguars and Tigers hunt them all over you tube. In the water well that's another matter., clickbait
It wasn't a Lioness.. It was a different animal lying down the water. The lioness that the croc attacked survived without a scratched. The croc realizes immediately that it wasn't his prey., clickbait
This video is so fake. They captured it from start to finish yet failed to show both animals together? And no Croc was feeding on that Lion from sunlight to night time? yeah right!, clickbait
Large crocs kill and eat tigers all the time., clickbait
Hhhhh you mean tigers kill and eat large crocodiles, clickbait
HOAXX, clickbait
What a joke., clickbait
Lion is so lame lol, clickbait
lol all I saw was edited clips from different documentaries.  Didn't actually see the lioness get attacked!, clickbait
Big mistake. Made me laugh, clickbait
I like how tiger fanboys point think that a tiger killing a mugger crocodile is superior to lion interactions with nile crocs. A big nile crocodile would EASILY kill a mugger croc and tear it to pieces. Lions live with bigger and stronger crocodiles than tigers do period. , clickbait
You may be king of the land but in the river I own you BITCH!, clickbait
I need milk, clickbait
This is not certain croco killed lioness., clickbait
Assad losing to the crocodile in the river and the crocodile lost to al-Assad in the wild this is the nature, clickbait
They look like zebras, clickbait
Where is the tiger . that's two hyena fighting, clickbait
Tiger head, clickbait
My man knows Always Plug, clickbait
Videoyu tost makinesiyle mi çektin, clickbait
there is no TIGER its hyena vs hyena, clickbait
For those who think one is tiger are STUPIDS both are hyenas, clickbait
Some fucker thinking fight going between tiger and hyena..... 2nd..... 2 chutiya idiots using Nokia 3310 for HD recording, clickbait
Terrible camera/video!!!!!!!!!!!, clickbait
Striped Hyenas are stronger than Spotted Hyenas, clickbait
Uh no they are not, clickbait
I think it is hyena vs hyena fight., clickbait
Ga jelas, clickbait
Camera sucks, clickbait
Pinche forma fea de gravar, clickbait
I wonder that why tiger and hyena don't fight as they live in same area, clickbait
Harsh Boricha Spotted Hyenas are not scavengers they hunt a majority of their food., clickbait
They don't have big groups like their brothers (spotted hyenas) Large group of spotted hyenas is required to fight lion But here is small group of striped hyenas so they can't fight tigers, clickbait
Maharana Pratap (Akbar ka baap) tiger will only kill striped hyena a fight will never happen, clickbait
TheOutrageousOrangeApe 101 I see. Nice explained bro, clickbait
Striped hyenas are scavengers & are shy by nature unlike their larger African cousins. So they don't directly compete with Tigers for food like Leopards or Dholes do., clickbait
this guy cant record for shit, clickbait
Nice, clickbait
Titre a chié..aucun TIGRES, clickbait
where was there a tiger vs hyena????, clickbait
Thumbs down another hyena humper with lying video title , clickbait
that is a fucking cheeta, clickbait
400th like, clickbait
Thumbs you dishonest and wicked person!, clickbait
Thanks for this video .. cheetah turned out to be the new tiger, clickbait
very nice, clickbait
Bro you gotta get back to school, clickbait
what a scam nowhere is tiger, clickbait
No tiger>>>>>>> REPORTED lol, clickbait
Leopard Nobb Vc Hyna, clickbait
Cheeta, clickbait
Bruh thats not a tiger, clickbait
Made in china tiger ???, clickbait
This video I am not like. Where tiger. Fuck, clickbait
Very very stupid. Not tiger. Stupid, clickbait
These hyenas haven't met tiger in their real life., clickbait
Wow soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Cute, Fair
You dont need a dna test to tell if a hyena is a male or female you just look under the hyenas if it has a males organ and two bumps it is a male and if it has a singular male organ with no bump it is a female., Fair
Another moron domesticating wild animals for views. “bUt hEs RaIsEd ThEm!” If a chimpanzee who has the strength of 5 adult men has ONE bad day it can literally kill everyone in that pool same goes for a hyena that can bite through a rhino leg. What an idiot., Fair
Why would you put a hyena into water also WHERE THE FU*K ARE MOTHERS OF THESE BABY ANIMALS?! YOU ABUSE YOUR ANIMALS FOR VIEWS., Fair
If I could work with animals all day like that maybe I would finally find some sense of happiness in my life., Fair
I see so many dislikes, Fair
That is a big pee pee., Fair
There.. you just.. fucking livin my dream, Fair
The thumbnail tho!, Fair
Fun fact hyenas can go through bone like humans go through chocolate...and chimps can rip your face apart., Fair
Tf...why do you own a Mf hyena?, Fair
The cutest hyena ever, Fair
The royalty family has been there and it was so cool, Fair
If those monkeys wanted to they could drag that dude around that pool and dunk his ass underwater. Why in tf do people house themselves with beasts like that, Fair
this is incredibly morally questionable borderline psychotic, Fair
Belleza, Fair
The hurt collar interspecifically search because fiberglass disturbingly moor outside a hissing nerve. one lyrical scooter, Fair
fake.. those are two different footages, Fair
Why there is no Elephant Graveyard ??, Fair
Lions are my favorite because the Lion of juda and a Lion is my spiritual animal., Fair
Isnt it pack of hyenas? Clan sounds wrong., Fair
Red is lucky to have a friend like Tatu, Fair
India was in similar situation and then Modi comes in 2014 and saved India from leftists jehadis and Congressi leaders., Fair
A friend in need is a friend indeed., Fair
hyenas vs Scar uncensored, Fair
WOLF VS KANGAL , Fair
29k people who apparently don't have friends disliked this video., Fair
WOLF VS KANGAL , Fair
Ain't it good to know that you got a friend.....James Taylor., Fair
WOLF VS KANGAL , Fair
"Now the odds have changed." statement gave me goosebumps, Fair
Lion:*getting jumped by a pack of hyenas* Lions friend: casually jogs to his rescue , Fair
WOLF VS KANGAL , Fair
Their laughs though-, Fair
Lions fear humans and elephant bulls the most., Fair
Why add scenes where animals are intimidated by drones?, Fair
Even here BBC managed to injected toxic feminist poison., Fair
Hats off camera work, Fair
This reminds me of Group Project in Uni. One person did all the hard work while the rest are just freeloading. At the end the entire group got an F for the project lol, Fair
This reminds of my daily life doing all the work and reaping nothing for it, Fair
Never thought I'd get clickbaited by the BBC but there you are. "Pride works together to hunt a buffalo." Shows a sole lioness being chased by a buffalo., Fair
Men will be men., Fair
That's one feisty buffalo, Fair
Hakuna Matata what a wonderful- RUN PUMBAA RUN!!!!!!, Fair
Wildlife is amazing, Fair
Always a humanely kill., Fair
amazing animal videos national geographic, Fair
Grab the throat and games over..., Fair
That's the most efficient kill of a warthog I've ever seen, Fair
CAN YOU HELP ME I'M OPEN PLEASE, Fair
I watched years ago, Fair
SHE WANTS TO EAT MEEEEEEE, Fair
Moms are the best!, Fair
Hakuna matada motha fucka!, Fair
RIP Pumbaa., Fair
Lioness: You got that on camera?, Fair
Mama went to work and literally brought home the bacon., Fair
does anyone know the title of this documentary? thanks., Fair
Welp I never thought they would have bigger tits then most women, Fair
Run Pumba!, Fair
Man This new Lion King movie looks so brutal, Fair
What a poor warthog. I am so happy glad and delightful that the warthog is being killed and eaten by a mother lion and then being eaten by a herd of lions. This warthog is deserved to die and get eaten by lions. I hope lions had enjoyed eating wild pork!!!, Fair
Cuccioli vi amo vi Oglio tantissimo bene, Fair
483 hyenas dislike thums down (Sept 25 2021), Fair
The wonder of nature....truly amazing....let us hope and pray that future generations are able to witness the same amazing wonder of nature, Fair
“dad why is my name rose?” “A rose fell on your head when you were little” “Dad why is my name daisy?” “Because a daisy fell on your head when you were little” “This Video sucks” “Oh hi 7 bricks”, Fair
Alhamdulillah beautiful!, Fair
Those dislikes must be from 'Team Hyena'., Fair
What a beautiful sight. Newborns can barely see with their eyes let alone walk. So they are only less than a month old., Fair
Poor vision vedeo I could not even see I tried so so hard., Fair
Gorgeous animals and cute little cubs...hope they are doin okay right now., Fair
If only all humans would just shoot a camera at these magnificent creatures just think on a higher being is watching think on think of disasters in the world now Seems like someone is angry, Fair
I would have took one if I was there and when the Cubs got out and not let the cub even tell the mommy, Fair
They are tiny now but oh boy will they get big., Fair
Welcome to the circle of life little ones, Fair
Lions are among my favorite animals of all time and I dream to see them someday in person. In the wild or in a reserve., Fair
The dangers of being a lion cub - humans, Fair
I keep playing to in a loop., Fair
Good thing simba warned his mom about the cobra when he saw it, Fair
I've seen it on tv it's incomplete the cubs r reunited with their mother., Fair
They're some smart cubs, Fair
A cobra one of the deadliest threats a lion cub could ever face. Kion: Am I a joke to you, Fair
In a nutshell: more than half of cubs would die in their first year of life. Wildlife is perilous even King can get killed., Fair
How this whole Pride Reacts it's really proud able because this quality is remain very less in humans , Fair
When a wild man who was born in or before the 80’s hears about a Wild Lion Documentary he may picture the voice of an old man who’s accent tis English., Fair
Elephants and lions, Fair
They say an animal only attack if you're on its way.. Cobra: that's cute.., Fair
That spitting cobra is from a totally different documentary not this one with lions. BBC lied here. Notice how you don't see any lions when the cobra spits out., Fair
To survive be a cameraman, Fair
Me encanto, Fair
so many cubs ! later they wil dominate whole the african continent!, Fair
New video, Fair
Look it's Gryffindor vs Slytherin, Fair
Nice to see a male lion giving love to the cubs. Avatar, Fair
The dislikes are the animals that wanted to eat the Cubs but couldn’t since the dad was there, Fair
i challenged myself not to smile and i failed.....big time. i think it's rare for me to see male lions or father lions be this doting to his cubs. it's quite refreshing and heartwarming to see this male lion with his cubs. ^^, Fair
now that is a father.he loves his little Cubs.I love it….., Fair
Dad's loves his babies he's a good dad and a strong-looking one at that., Fair
Is it me or that lion has some kindness in his face? The feline looks like he’s vegetarian., Fair
Ca fait plaisir de voir un papa affectueux !, Fair
Nice dad, Fair
There's a point were the dad is looking at us, Fair
Mum must be out shopping, Fair
this is super rare and thats an understatement, Fair
Lions are NEVER affectionate to cubs as a rule. This is a hiuge exception, Fair
i sweart on everything that side look looks like me lmaoooo, Fair
Quite sure they tolerate their own Cubs until males get a certain age and get ran off or the young males won’t follow the laws of dominance. Food on the table Cubs eat at your own risk when the big male is around. Doesn’t feel like being bothered could lead to a smack or a quick bite. Cameras aren’t always on them so you won’t always see the male being nice. Get more views when the adult male is tearing things up. Don’t let the media fool you. They kill other males Cubs put their life on the line defending Cubs and pride the future. So they have to have love to be willing to die for that. Not all parents kiss and hug their kids but the kids still know and feel love from their parents in other ways., Fair
In the numerous videos I have seen on male lions and cubs this is only the 2nd time I have seen affection/toleration instead of growls. I got a bit worried around though. The only other time was here , Fair
I see a new father and sons coalition coming., Fair
His eyes are loving, Fair
I don't know I mean it just laid down like it felt sorry for them., Fair
This is how vegans view us eating meat, Fair
I really like the older documentaries I don’t like the new ones, Fair
What a poor buffalo. I am so glad happy and delightful that the buffalo is being killed by a pack of lions. This buffalo is deserved to die and eaten by lions. I hope that these lions had enjoyed eating buffalo meat steak!!!, Fair
hoe je bek, Fair
Vengeful Lion: , Fair
It's not "Lion Pride". It's Lion disgrace., Fair
Wrong The Male Lion do more than Sleeping and eating. The walk 100 of Miles in watch over their Territory and at times some goes to war against other invading prides and even Hyenas which some male Lions are called Hyena Killers., Fair
A lot of males for one pride, Fair
I know right? A very strong pride indeed., Fair
Narrator talks about how female lions do most of the hunting Shows footage of male lions hunting and taking down a buffalo., Fair
Very, Fair
Verx, Fair
U van See nature is cruel, Fair
Yes I agree, Fair
There’s a video of a single male lion taking down a Buffalo no problem, Fair
Lions take "you look like a snack" literally, Fair
King of all animals, Fair
I'm pretty sure those male's were the famous notch coalition in ngorogoro crater, Fair
that buffalo is very cooperative, Fair
I wanted you to keep with the story, Fair
And now scar is passed away rip scar, Fair
Life of Animal Kruger Tr tube , Fair
BBC studios Scar Africa channel Smithonian channel , Fair
From StarFox, Fair
Lion don't fight each other only them, Fair
The male lion was running from females and thought about it- I’m a male - turned around and chased the females lions! LOL instinct took over!, Fair
kalaku.kalakku.33333333dmk.inc.admkbjp.ttmkammk.......... .., Fair
Was Scar the male in the first series who tried to take over the Pride?, Fair
Brasil MG, Fair
The fist male left the marsh pride .But things Change new male's scar and scruffy took over the marsh pride . And in 2001 and Simba and Blondie Chase of scar away after his buddy had died That lion thing is just like the lion king Sinbad vs scar ., Fair
Come on in 12 years ago. Welcome to 2020, Fair
I love how the make lion pulled a UNO reverse card on the females in the beginning, Fair
Stupids. Scar shouldve been mufasa and scruffy should be scar, Fair
Tigers are the world's largest cats weighing about 450 pounds on average. What are your thoughts on these powerful felines?, Fair
M0 09, Fair
I want to kiss them, Fair
some polish girl. don’t know where you get you information but they are by far the baddest feline on earth. They stay relatively solitary because they will often fight to the death; even amongst siblings. They are very highly territorial. And the strength they possess is incredible. A 600lb. cat carrying a dead(dead weight is so much heavier) 1500lb+ water buffalo over a creek and leaping over a 9 foot hedgerow. With grace I might add. A Siberian Tiger like all tigers are masterpieces of stealth and hunting prey., Fair
jim mitchell ..they did evolve they had way longer teeth and were way bigger., Fair
Muzzleflash silly.., Fair
Majestic creatures ever existed., Fair
Save ALL Big Cats, Fair
Most beautiful creature in planet., Fair
Even though the Siberian tiger is the largest species but my favorite is the Bengal tiger, Fair
Beauty and a beast in one, Fair
Tiger is the strongest, Fair
Why does everything have to be linked from Africa, Fair
I didn't know tigers colors developed as a response to their preys color blindness. So to the deer the orange is green and therefore the tiger melts into the background even in lush green vegetation where you would think (to us) the sharp orange would stand out. Evolution is amazing., Fair
Tiger is handsome, Fair
How can I adopt a tiger? You know like supporting a tiger refuge or a tiger natural reserve? I would like to do that., Fair
THEY SWIM VERY WELL, Fair
TIGER MOST MAJESTIC CAT STRONGEST CAT BIGGEST CAT, Fair
Tiger gang anyone?, Fair
Save the tigers, Fair
If i'd have to make an regal tropical princess in to an animal it'll no doubt be the fabulous exquisite tigers, Fair
Great hunting and sweet rivers to swim in in Heaven's endless Forrests to you sweet girl. RIP Maneki..go rest high on that mountain!, Fair
I love that happy chuffing., Fair
can anybody anybody look at these hunks of caretakers?? each one is to die for......, Fair
This is animal cruelty, Fair
Brilliant, Fair
For the record those kind hearted idiots read these animals completely wrong., Fair
The tiger is becam strong and beautiful animals in the world :D, Fair
All must win to be a King in this World, Fair
We will train tiger Attack..........and crow attack........., Fair
5 amazing animals, Fair
That they painted that building so cool says they're serious tiger lovers., Fair
Bengal tiger maybe, Fair
If tigers stayed little I’d definitely have one ha as a house cat haha, Fair
Freaky thought here but from an evolution standpoint things could be a whole lot worse fir life on earth. If you wanna think about something that would be Overpowered just imagine if eagles and hawks could deliver venom through their talons. It doesnt seem all that scary until you imagine "what if black mambas could fly?". When you think about it from that perspective if eagles could deadly deliver venom they could theoretically sneak attack a bear or other large animal fly away and wait for it to die. Virtually everywhere on the planet wouldn't be safe because the equivalent of a flying viper cpuld be anywhere in trees waiting to swoop in on you and take you out. Have a good night's sleep, Fair
Is that tiger in the forst 2 seconds real??? Pause it please and tell me I’m not trippin? If that is real I’m blown away by how unreal the and perfectly beautiful it looks. Like I can’t explain it but it just doesn’t look real., Fair
White tigers are the result of inbreeding usually in captivity., Fair
Political correctness be damned: it is effing bizarre ignorant and barbaric to be eating these cats or any other exotic animal in the 21st century. Looking at you East Asia: DO MORE to educate your people., Fair
Awh where's the Panther?, Fair
The slippery sugar rahilly damage because yard ipsilaterally touch among a deserted fireman. adhesive scrawny sheep, Fair
Wow 38 cats family And it's sounds at 114db. Majestic cats, Fair
Cant top the look of a black panther., Fair
My mom said she was gonna get me a big kitty, Fair
There are hundreds of references in Hindu culture about lions and tigers way before royal England existed!!, Fair
Make sure to accept Jesus into your life, Fair
Kidding: Ha ha! The narrator mentions all of the Black cats relatives but left out the Main Attraction the Black Panther? You’re forgiven!, Fair
They look horrible itzs tyme to pay, Fair
My cat loves this, Fair
5 or 4 big cats?, Fair
The most successful hunting score is the puma aka mountain lions with a 92% kill score if we include domesticated cats they would be #1 with a 97% kill score, Fair
Jaguars are my favorite big cats, Fair
Indeed this tiger has made tourists so happy by using his doing., Fair
both ends of a Tiger are dangerous!, Fair
i remembered he rushed at me, Fair
Tiger sprays smell like popcorn., Fair
Just looks like animal cruelty to me. Passing off these pastimes as entertainment even for a bonehead like me seems a step too far., Fair
"Tiger Juice!", Fair
Tigers are beautiful, Fair
34. Good job tiger i am very impresse power full spray, Fair
Why do people put misleading titles? The tiger didn’t spray the girl. He sprayed the window., Fair
Tigress be like : that's what you get hooman, Fair
Even Irish tigers are rude unlike Northern, Fair
LOL, Fair
Hahaha, Fair
all the upvotes here are for the Tiger.., Fair
They mark the territory for nothing. Humans created it, Fair
Tigers should not be in cages!!! Set them free!!!, Fair
That’s just naasty., Fair
cats big and small are such disgusting animals, Fair
The world's view of hyenas stem from Lion King change my mind, Fair
They have the perfect model of the evil laugh., Fair
I think they are so different than anything, Fair
Lion king is the only reason that people hate hyenas.., Fair
I didnt know their sounds mean different things definietly interesting In looking forward to see more vids about hyenas!, Fair
VERY intelligent animals tho, Fair
Easy to miss the small miracles. Dude is petting Hyenas!, Fair
my favorite animal is a Hyena because they can laugh and i dont know any animal that can laugh do you know any animal that can laugh beside a hyena enybondy?, Fair
i watched a hyena bite a person holl jaw of, Fair
Some of the coolest animals on the savanna., Fair
Guy that was Talking at the beggining was the Lion whisperer he works at Animal sancruary and vlogs with hyenas Lions and panthers., Fair
Hyenas are actually my favorite animal not gonna lie, Fair
Hyenas are huge, Fair
I love hyenas so much. My family looks at me so weirdly and they say that hyenas are disgusting:/, Fair
Lol joker also has same problem of laughing at bad time., Fair
They're smart enough to have names.. That's kinda scary, Fair
Wow is that hyena solo The good for nothing scoundrel, Fair
There’s laughing hyneas in river side ca, Fair
I love hyenas they're cute and playful and extremely violent, Fair
Man increases knowledge by learning observation conversation discussion contemplation etc. But none of these qualities are attributed to animals birds fish reptiles etc. God made them so with charectaristics of their own....They are commanded these innate qualities. Evolution evolved evolve are derogatory and diametrically opposed to the glory of God. ...evolutionism is Satan's evangelism, Fair
Get 20% off and Free Shipping with the code SURVIVE at Unlock your confidence and always use the right tools for the job with MANSCAPEDTM., Fair
deexquwapo que no la tengo que si, Fair
deexquwapo ok thanks I have to go back rough time works for you guys are your dress up u u uu I have to do for the killer and let here in my house it's going to have 8 me quiere morder la página donde se nos ha encantado de saludarte te escribo la, Fair
Thanks for the video I couldn't have been survived by hyenas if it weren't for you, Fair
Scary, Fair
That was the slickest ad I’ve ever heard in my life, Fair
Cheetahs can’t climb trees either, Fair
That Aid is just aids ! lol, Fair
Help, Fair
I am so sorry for all Those in likes but I liked your candle and subscribed, Fair
I watched a laughing hyena video on TikTok and somehow ended up here, Fair
Or just don’t go to Africa, Fair
The most successful predators in Africa are African Wild Dogs other than that. Good video, Fair
Humans when they feel threatened: Let's run away Animals when they feel threatened: Let's just kill them, Fair
I like how they make a point that a hyena can't climb because of its non retractable claws. And then says "Is that a cheetah?" Cheetahs can't climb trees either., Fair
It’s sad how hyenas are treated, Fair
"Your tree climbing skills won't save you from a cheetah" Um yes it can. Cheetahs also have extended claws like dogs do and thus suck at climbing. Stay in that tree or more accurately climb down anyway because cheetahs can't risk injury even from an unarmed person. They'd rather treat you like the predator in the scenario and leave., Fair
 your class after you call the teacher "mom"., Fair
I used it bro it was good, Fair
Wilderbeasts are incredibly nimble on their feet for a heavy animal, Fair
Wild dogs and wolves they use same tactics. Wild dogs can even bring down a grown up buffalo, Fair
Good, Fair
Yes, Fair
Yes, Fair
Y, Fair
really amazing nature is Wild is cold and cold nature is wild is Us Than you think. It's unimaginable. Albert Einstein: We don't yet know about 100 000 of what nature has shown us., Fair
888888 8, Fair
EARTH MEN YOUR FUTURE, Fair
Good, Fair
Yang telanjang bulat, Fair
nice zarif news, Fair
Anjing liar, Fair
Strategi berburu estafet anjing liar yang luar biasa, Fair
BENJAMIM wilssone, Fair
All them Wilderbeests couldn't back up their homie who got caught. Pussies!!, Fair
Taliban peecha kar raha hai Afghanistan ka, Fair
Anyone know what season and episode this is?, Fair
Wait there is an entire series?, Fair
Such barrelling badassaes those Honey Badgers. Can you imagine how truly scary they'd be if they were the size of leopards ?, Fair
Honey badgers are villains man, Fair
If bagers are 2 then bring 3 lion's against them You can't mess with a badgers, Fair
Deceptive title ..for this a thumbs down., Fair
unless locally they are called by this name., Fair
That's not a painted wolf it's a African wild dog, Fair
Different names for the same animal., Fair
I wish there could be more documentaries made like this one. Just the right amount of background musical accompaniment no endless slow mo sequences weird alien noises shaking camera scenes stupid effects and annoying loud music instructing you how to feel. Best of all no annoying bratty narrator who thinks everything must sound like some kind of Pixar cartoon., Fair
Absolutely nothing happened, Fair
Can't stand Attenborough and can't stand clickbait. This video has it all., Fair
The badger is the enemy, Fair
Hi, Fair
These honey badger have the coolest walk in the animal kingdom., Fair
Honey Badgers are like the anti-hero of the animal kingdom. You root for them when they're fighting lions and cobras but then they go and hunt down some puppies., Fair
The face i make when im about to finish , Fair
Omg those painted wolf has exotic and special looks as honey badgers. Wow along with the Sir. David voice. What a surprising moments they filming for., Fair
honey badger don't care, Fair
honey badger don't care, Fair
The world's biggest living fish is a shark. What intrigues you the most about these amazing creatures?, Fair
Gazetteer 1001 p]]p pp, Fair
Kenneth Emmanuel Instablaster :), Fair
I know im randomly asking but does someone know of a way to get back into an instagram account? I was stupid lost the password. I would love any assistance you can give me, Fair
Gazetteer 1001 iooppppppp everyone will, Fair
i love sharks, Fair
Dont kill sharks because its poor, Fair
amazing animals ending, Fair
For those of you who have a phobia of sharks dont watch this, Fair
The reason they attack us is because they mistake us as seals, Fair
I identify as a shark now ., Fair
How will they enjoy their shark fins when there's no more shark fins to enjoy?, Fair
Sharks are the most interesting animals in the world to me. We see them as these dumb killing machines but they actually have extremely heightened senses they can sense electric fields in the water. They also play a large role in the oceanic food chain by eating animal carcasses and most of them are not hostile to humans. We need to respect them as the majestic creatures they are they are the kings of the ocean, Fair
RIRIRIRIRIRIRIRIRIRIRIRIRI, Fair
one of my dreams is to swim among sharks especially the thresher the black tip and whale sharks, Fair
That video is the best example of Obnoxious sharks.!!!, Fair
thats scary, Fair
Hey, Fair
You will not find more of a shark lover as me and it pains me to see that someone has killed a beautiful magnificent creature like a shark especially a big shark and are smiling about it. It pains me. I love and care for sharks., Fair
Wow, Fair
interesting, Fair
Horrific video., Fair
I have no fear of sharks. It could straight up bite my arm off and I’d go right back to diving. Most sharks do not attack without reason. If you spot a shark with a hunched back you should swim away as fast as possible. It’s a sign that they are agitated. Otherwise avoid paddling on a surfboard in areas with sharks. They often mistake humans are sea turtles. The most obvious attraction is blood so avoid bleeding or blood in the ocean. And the answer to that question is the whale shark. Friendly giant though., Fair
Whale shark, Fair
In 1951 young Vana (only 16) was swimming with her male friend near Mon Repos in Corfu when a shark ate part of her. After a while it came back to devour the rest of her while the young man survived., Fair
Ehm ... they wore a suit with stripes ... like poisen snakes etc of course a shark isn't to take a bite., Fair
Sharks are my favorite animals I don't get how people find them scary, Fair
Golfers are all not my favorites but Greg Norman is definitely garbage, Fair
Whale shark, Fair
Whale shark, Fair
“The whale shark dying is more upsetting” it’s always equally upsetting and disgusting whale tiger great white etc. The people who did this are absolute cunts. Hope they get torn up, Fair
whale shark, Fair
Whale shark, Fair
WHALE SHARK, Fair
 in the beginning Whos the biggest shark Hammer head Whale shark Tiger Or great white Me who hasn’t grown out of my shark phase: WHALE SHARK THEYRE AS BIG AS A BUS AND THEYRE THE BIGGEST SHARK ON THE EARTH AS OF NOW, Fair
Sharks have a bad rep! I love sharks! So fascinating!, Fair
Bad rep? They are predators that would eat your ass given the option..., Fair
Killer whales are top predators, Fair
the whale shark is a fish technically, Fair
"Only great white sharks are capable of cracking a turtle shell" Tiger shark: "Am I a joke to you", Fair
What’s a Jag-Wire?, Fair
jaguar is incredible., Fair
Theres a difference between crocodiles and caiman, Fair
YOU SOUND MUCH LIKE A NARRATOR IN A ZOO OR IN A THEME PARK. PUT YOURSELF IN THE IMPALAS POINT OF VIEW OR THE WILDEBEEST. IT'S NOT A WALK IN THE PARK FOR THEM. SO PLEASE DON'T SOUND SO HAPPY CAUSE IN THE CONCRETE JUNGLE IT COULD BE YOU ONE DAY FEEDING THE CROCO., Fair
I love this Jaguar perfect Predator on the Bottom in the Water and on Trees. I really love all this amazing Cats!, Fair
machli pronounces like 'much lee' not makhali :D, Fair
COOL, Fair
Very scary scenes, Fair
Jaguars eat caymans, Fair
i love this but my name is ellie and my brother is noah, Fair
Terrible dumb narration, Fair
Me its not pronounced macKali its pronounced maChali ch If your wondering how I know this I'm an Indian and I speak hindi everyday, Fair
it's not Makali ITS MACHLI PRONOUNCE: MA CHA LEE LIKE MACHO TAKE THE MACH AND ADD LI, Fair
My cat catches lizards from the garden and brings them into the laundry room. It's disgusting., Fair
Tiger are to incredible, Fair
Look how the lion swimming at 300 lbs still fought off a 800-1000 lbs crocodile. Because cats are smarter and better hunters. Their senses are better and not to say they can’t lose. But the only thing other prey have is size and crocs, Fair
a bewildered wildebeest. Someones got jokes., Fair
Great video, Fair
The wilderbeasts had a herd legend about the river and raptures., Fair
amazing animals std 6, Fair
Bat: "watch this! I'ma boop the croc on his nose." Other bats: "you're stoopid" Bat: "Here I g......" Other bats: " That's nasty. May he RIP.", Fair
Not even close to top five..the greatest croc kill was a zebra having its face bit off, Fair
That wildabeasts ribs after the croc attack, Fair
damn them hippo's make the crocs look like geckos, Fair
Damn Nature You Scary!, Fair
Allleeeee, Fair
Damn nature you scary, Fair
meters in average length ??, Fair
Crocodile grabs a prey Wilderbeast: "Where did Billy go?", Fair
Says it’s a true monster yea right probably a 12 foot croc he wouldn’t go near a real big croc, Fair
Whatever you can tell this was all filmed at some nature park., Fair
 so these are Bewildebeest hue hue, Fair
Wildebeests are the moat unloyal group of animals. You can literally have the whole heard turn that croc to a name in the census but chooses to run and watch a homie die., Fair
Check out this: Incredible footage of a lioness pride taking down a pack of hyenas
kiya nee ghatna chhe kaee jagiya nee video chhe ?, Fair
Do you know how tall is that bank the crocodile climb over?, Fair
Ay Dios que peligro, Fair
They climb fences like nothing so this is pretty normal, Fair
Why is there a crocodile in lake India?, Fair
Crocodile just tryna empress his wife, Fair
Calling the future owners of motels and corner stores in America, Fair
Man what a dick wouldnt go give the croc a leg up., Fair
Muito legal adorei esse vídeo parabéns, Fair
He home late agian I bet he cheating on me Him:, Fair
Crocodilo malandro kkkkkkkk, Fair
He said " mom I'm coming home..!! ", Fair
Crocodile knew Salman Khan is driving around, Fair
River minister, Fair
+10 sneak, Fair
Don’t forget to Subscribe for more amazing wildlife sightings from the wildest places on earth!, Fair
SAVE THE TURTLE IDIOT, Fair
Last message goodbye yall reading this argument if there is anyone who made it this far, Fair
Brandie Chanell what, Fair
Home Depot bucket imagine going outside with thoes sunny days, Fair
Brandie Chanell I mean kinda yea it's like those moments when you remember some cringe thing you did a long time ago, Fair
Dam, Fair
Interior crocodile alligator. I kill turtles you clean them up later, Fair
Like a tin can., Fair
Needless to say looks like Franklin isn't coming over to anyone's house any time soon., Fair
0_0, Fair
You know damn well the second you heard that crack that turtle said “oh fuck”, Fair
fun fact: turtle has nerve endings all over it shell so it felt that., Fair
Anybody cringe thinking how much it would hurt their own teeth trying to eat that turtle themselves? I get nervous biting into an apple., Fair
I was half-expecting the alligator to give up on eating it and end up killing it for nothing, Fair
Turtle: "This hard shell will protect me from any predator!" Alligator: "LOL bitch you thought", Fair
Scp 682 attack turtle, Fair
Krookodile used Crunch! It’s super effective! Squirtle fainted!, Fair
How does this not have likes?, Fair
i hope he had a good meal!, Fair
Dear Diary: today I found out what sound a turtle makes. , Fair
No lil turtoooollll, Fair
NOOO TUTEL. :((, Fair
So satisfying, Fair
Sarcosuchus vs archelon Sarcosuchus: prehistoric aligator Archelon: prehistoric turtle, Fair
Croc: Lemme show you a magic trick your hands will be gone in 3 seconds , Fair
WOW i watched this last time and watch again in 2021 still gets the chills, Fair
I love the twist they put at the end, Fair
then waattt happen, Fair
Ya'll calm down... He can still do the trick with his other arm., Fair
And how much does he get paid for this ? Just asking...., Fair
I blame the human. Human kept trolling the Crocodile while the Croc just wanted to stay in there peacefully... then putting his hand under the Croc's mouth... seriously? Why in the name of God would you put your arm in Croc's mouth? this is saying "Come ahead and kill me I am yours now" You clearly know that Crocs don't fuck around they are reptiles and reptiles have the highest killing instinct and add that to the way he was bothered by his nose being hit by the human...., Fair
Respect for crocodile, Fair
JAW JITSU, Fair
Maybe it' will leave just a scratch..., Fair
Croc: oh you all want to cheer ok watch what's about to happen., Fair
I say the fool got what he deserved., Fair
croc snaps the arm, Fair
Wonderfull crocodile. I wish he finish him. If we ask wild animals what is human? I believe all of them will say evil. We really disturb them. Live wild in peace. They have same right of living like us humans on earth. Why desrespect wild animals bitting him making him like a dolly. The wild deserve dignity love and respect. We cannot play with them. Idiot man got idiotic punishment. I wonder these animal right people do in this world. I wish I know where there office is or I have ppwer I will arrest all of them. I live in Africa. I get so apset when ever I see people driving jeep or landrovers with motor voice varying camera screaming running behind a hunting lion desturbing the wild. Do u love eating you supper while a wild lion is sleeping next to u. We make the wild lion feel the same. The hunted to be die from two shoke. Our presence plus the hunter. The hunter to loose and eat with a lot of shoke. Let us say stop desrespecting the wild., Fair
Not a great hunter or killer if compared with a Lion or Tiger... But still very dangerous for humans., Fair
Tigers and lions would be dead meat against a grizzly bear of that size in general., Fair
The Bear is attacking Buck/Deer, Fair
I love grizzly bears., Fair
Grizzly Bear Forest Animal, Fair
Bears are amazing, Fair
Silly teddy bear. Humans are the world's deadliest predators., Fair
bears are evil, Fair
imagine you're kayaking down the river and you get to , Fair
Orcas are the best apex predator imo but bears are still pretty badass, Fair
A one thousand Bear.....? I can't even imagine how some Survivors did it...., Fair
Need David narrating lol, Fair
bears don't catch then kill they catch then immediately begin eating, Fair
Bears are nothing but nature's thugs and gangsters, Fair
You dont have to be able to outrun a Grizzly to survive. But you do have to be able to outrun whomever your with when a hungry Grizzly shows up !, Fair
Bears are so beautiful., Fair
Bears look slow but they can actually haulass, Fair
These bears are AMAZING!, Fair
I always feel bad every time I see a predator take down a land prey (buffalo deer zebras) but I don’t feel bad at all for the fish. It’s the one time that I root for the predator., Fair
Damn wrong Bear eating Salmon video, Fair
amazing animals videos of the world, Fair
“The bears have the high ground.” obi-wan has entered the chat , Fair
Other wild animals:eats meat grizzly bear only eats salmon, Fair
A satisfying watch for some reason, Fair
Wow bears r cool n big, Fair
Watching this makes me want salmon, Fair
you will be nice feelings, Fair
Why do I love seeing the grizzlies fishing?, Fair
hero bears save salmon from drowning, Fair
The bears fighting over the best fishing spots and the salmon jumping out to see where the bears are prove how intelligent these creatures are, Fair
Fittingly salmon and bears have a similarly overpowered sense of smell., Fair
I hear udyr, Fair
I'm eating salmon while watching this lol, Fair
Gorilla mai tum ma ara bhai hu, Fair
Fabulous, Fair
Gorrilas are intelligent beautiful creatures. Unfortunately they are also nudists that throw poo, Fair
Happy , Fair
Baby tarazan pov:, Fair
I heard a story from very creditable source! That a Navy Seal took a bet with a fellow Navy Seal that he could "have his way" with a 400 lbs female in the forest. The outcome was very unpleasant to say the least. He ended up in some kind of tree? They actually documented the event in training manuals as a practice not recommended to be performed again! It's really a smart thing to document stuff like this so there are no repeats., Fair
this is the best video ive ever watched. Good Job Gorilla Kingdom., Fair
Really look like human, Fair
Quite realustic. But i think the adults knew. Theyre not stupid. If it was a troupe of chimpanzees theyd rip that false gorilla to bits., Fair
To: jessie james - Thank you for your reply and the information. Very interesting. Ha ha! I shall now have to go searching for the documentary of which you speak. I am thinking from your explanation that it may have centred on Koko. I have not yet seen all the work that was done with her. Indeed mental mapping of locations or even times of year for foraging would be greatly assisted with.such an ability. Such a capacity is also shown by for example chimpanzees and further experimentation may prove other apes and many primates are equally blessed by their remarkable ability to brachiate very quickly. It would be a huge advantage to rapidly map the most efficient and quickest route through a tree particularly if one is either pursuing or being pursued. Gibbons appear to know almost beforehand their direction of travel and which branches are capable of supporting them. As you so rightly say; survival. Ha ha! This attribute brings to mind the saying necessity is the mother of invention and I might add 'Mother Nature' is the greatest inventor of all., Fair
 Peter Moody yes. I saw a documentary where a gorilla in captivity seemed to recognise something shown on a video. It was a video of her forest before she was captured and saved. She showed great interest in it. Also the documentary said these apes do need this photographic memory to memorise foraging areas to go back to. Its survival., Fair
To: jessie james - They will have known quite quickly. Their reaction would still be what to make of it. The young gorilla would have no doubt sensed when it touched the spy gorilla that there was no body heat. There is a video of the same type with chimpanzees in which the young chimpanzee ends up dragging it along to play with. Upon its first approach to the spy chimpanzee it immediately reaches out and touches the eye (camera lens) directly. Experiments have shown that chimpanzees possess something akin to photographic memory and I suspect gorillas may also have this ability. The chimpanzee had probably already ascertained that the spy chimp's eyes do not behave organically. Notice when looking at the gorillas through the actual camera lens of the robotic gorilla the real gorillas are mostly intensely focused and looking directly at or into the eyes or camera lens., Fair
Poor creatures live with a swarm of gnats in their faces!, Fair
That little gorilla is traumatized it thought it killed a fellow brother, Fair
love the ep, Fair
You touch your new friend and suddenly he is dead. And now its all your fault. Lmao., Fair
Asim kaka, Fair
The world needs to expand existing animal habitats on both land and in the oceans by 100x. Too much development of the land is taking away animal and natural habitats and too much fishing and netting is destroying and depleting the ocean. The human population has doubled since 1980s and it is continuing to grow out of control at a logarithmic rate. See the world population websites if you don't agree. Our planet has not grown to adjust to the human growth so we as humans must learn how to balance our population and our dedicated land for Farming and living for humans and habitats for animals. We must do this now before it is too late and the passage of time and human greed erases all animal and natural habitats. Most people are narrow minded and think we can just live together however man in most all scenarios destroy habitats so there is no living together side by side. Natural and animal habitats must be protected and increased in size or the only animals we will have left are on farms and zoos., Fair
With the right training orang will be a first round draft pick in MLB., Fair
He cheated the monkey, Fair
Please do not feed the himans, Fair
meanwhile the communist orangutan: fucking blyat, Fair
I tranlate & the result is Orang hutan= human forest I think orangutans isn't barbaric like gorilla baboon etc... orangutans can be friendly with humans even if it's in the wild, Fair
Love the way the Orangutan was looking around before he threw the banana...to make sure his audience was paying attention!, Fair
Monkey business? Ooops that ain't a monkey., Fair
i love how i half understand it cause im a Croat lmfao "ok now give it back" "here i return", Fair
The way she catches it something to behold almost as if she knew exactly where he was going to throw yesterday., Fair
Monke know u record him, Fair
BRING A SMALL BALL NEXT TIME HE WANTS TO PLAY CATCH. SORRY. ALL CAPS CAN'T C SMALL LETTERS, Fair
Orangutan: So funny humans. That's "zoo come at your home" is a revolutionnary idea., Fair
Of course it's revolutionary. It's in Russia after all., Fair
Thief and fraud will be embarassed after seeing this, Fair
Zeke, Fair
this is the exact same place from the orangutan that took the banana and threw the peel back then threw rocks at the guy when it wanted more, Fair
Stop calling these monke it's fu*KING dreary and not original, Fair
baby gorillas look so weird compared to silverbacks, Fair
Meu deus do ceu que coragem, Fair
Que energia, Fair
He tried to beat his chest and felled so cute, Fair
We thought our gorilla video was cool but this takes the cake!, Fair
Gorillas are so much like us - it’s uncanny!, Fair
What an awful place for the Gorillas! They need a 'natural environment'!!, Fair
the dad was like: DONT HURT UR BROTHER LIKE THAT, Fair
oh my god look at that little face almost like human, Fair
i love that the dad gorilla pulls his son away from the stranger cause they dont know who he his go gorrila dads, Fair
Freedom!, Fair
1 461 072, Fair
I find it amazing how gorillas are or were portrayed as wild savage animals while chimps are portrayed as the gentile playful apes when the opposite is true., Fair
Dad gorilla just trying to ruin the fun between baby and momma., Fair
Gorillas are objectively the best great ape, Fair
The silver back crop dusted him as he walk off, Fair
